So we were able to create a new post.
And then when we create a post, we are redirected to all post write to try one more time.
So now we're going to work on this base so that we can show all the posts for the admin user.
So let's say
let me just create one post.
So post post for admin in a post space.
All right.
So this is what we have to do.
We have to create a road in the server, and this control function will return all the post.
We had known.
We can see the previous rule.
It's this and as you can see, we are redirected to all post bits here.
Right?
So here what we want to do is show the post for the enemy.
So let's go and work in.
So it's from the robbed post.
So rather don't get to make a get fraught post to get on the post and hear the control function or to
record posts.
All right.
So we bring that from post controller.
By the way, you can see I didn't have any metal was applied to this road.
Maybe we will apply some Middle West later, but at the moment, let's just continue like this and we
will come back to it.
And if we need to make some changes, we will.
All right.
Let me fix this type all.
Okay, so let's go to control and queries function controllers post.
Export context post async request response.
So here we try
Kels and console.log the error.
So here let's use let's put it in a variable post.
Oh actually let's not use push P it's going to be the same name let's call it.
Oh.
Console it could soon await.
We use the post model.
We use the find function that we find on the posts from the database.
And we can do a few things here.
We will we can populate the post by name so that we have a creating the post.
We can see the name and other information.
So let's just select the name.
So this way you can select whatever fields you need.
If you don't do this, if you use just posted by then, that will give you the user information which
will include everything.
It will include the user name, email, password, everything that is in the database.
So you want to select.
So in my case, I want to set on the live.
I don't need any other information about the posted by user, so I'll just choose the name.
Then we can just use Dart again.
So this is also known as method turning.
So there's a method you can see where we are turning, we send one now it's in another of four categories
as well, so we can use populate.
So if you remember now we are saving only the categories.
Add in the date of this.
You can see this is the this is how we created the post.
So we are sending we are saving only the categories.
Are we so obviously sending the the random idea of the category is not useful in the reactor application
in the front end.
So we need to send the categories name, right, so we can select fields.
Now we can select let's send the IED, let's send it category name and slug.
Right?
So let's make sure we have these fills the model category.
Yes, we have the name, we have the slope of it so we can populate the user name, probably the categories
named Slug Fun.
And let's also use search.
So it's in another method.
Sure.
And we can use I created it.
So that way whichever post that was newly created, the recent ones will come and come in the front.
Right.
So we show the latest first.
So search and basically that's that solving it and then we can send the response station response.
Oh, okay.
Now this is a get wrote so you can even try it in the browser directly.
You should be able to see the decent response.
So let's give that a try.
Local Host Our server is running at 8000 less appearance this post.
I suppose we are getting in.
Okay, so that's 800 and make it dead.
And you can see here we get on the policy and Z, we have the categories.
We populated the ID name and slug.
So you see then there.
Boston.
Why we populated the name.
So it is there.
So it is automatically selected.
Okay.
So that means maybe on the cutting edge you wouldn't have to put a let's go on category lists to move
that.
So it is always there by default, it is added.
You should give a refresh in the end.
That's true.
It is automatically headed.
Okay.
So that means we can make a request to that endpoints.
Less post, get on the post and render them here.
All right, so let's do that.
So we can close all this and go to the client.
Base's admin.
That one is all posts and meaningless posts.
Most in this.